docs: Add docs for spec tests (#619)
opensafely-core/databuilder: tests/spec/README.md

# Spec tests

> These tests specify the expected behaviour of ehrQL, and by extension, the QM.

Reviewer: suggestion:

```suggestion
These tests specify the expected behaviour of ehrQL, and by extension, the query model.
```

We're not using this abbreviation elsewhere in this document, so I'd remove it to make the reader's life easier.

(I realise it was here already. But if we're improving the whole document in this PR, we might as well do this too.)

They are also used to generate documentation.

## Table of Contents

`toc.py` defines the Table of Contents for the documentation generated by tests. A new spec test
subdirectory or file must be defined here in order for it to appear in the docs.

## Folder structure

Within the spec directory, each test directory is considered a chapter in the docs, each file
is considered to be a section, and each test is a paragraph.

e.g.
```
tests
    ├── spec
    │   ├── aggregate_frame                       <-- chapter
    │   │   ├── __init__.py                       <-- contains chapter title
    │   │   ├── test_count_for_patient.py         <-- section
    │   │   └── test_exists_for_patient.py        <-- section
```

### Titles
Chapter titles are specified with a `title` attribute the test directory's `__init__.py`.
Section titles are specified with a `title` attribute in each test file.

> Paragraph titles are extracted from the test names.

Reviewer: suggestion: Maybe worth a quick mention that the default paragraph title can be overridden by adding a `title` attribute to the test function?

Iain added this feature in #602.

E.g. `test_count_for_patient.py` contains 2 tests:
- `test_count_for_patient_on_event_frame()`
- `test_count_for_patient_on_patient_frame()`

Assuming this is included in `toc.py`, the following structure will be generated in the docs:

1. Aggregating event and patient frames  # from `title` in `aggregate_frame/__init__.py`
1.1 Counting the rows for each patient  # from `title` in `aggregate_frame/test_count_for_patient.py`
1.1.1 Count for patient on event frame  # from test name
1.1.2 Count for patient on patient frame  # from test name

## Test structure

Spec tests follow a standardised structure in order to allow documentation generation.  Each
spec test uses the `spec_test` fixture, which has the following components:

```
spec_test(

>     table_data,                          # defines the tables in the test database

Reviewer: thought: I read this and got momentarily disorientated by not knowing what `table_data` was.

It might be helpful to say "dictionary that defines the tables in the test database": you can't immediately see this is a dictionary here.

    e.take(e.b1).i1.sum_for_patient(),   # the ehrQL code being tested
    {                                    # expected results
        1: (101 + 102),
        2: 201,
    },
)
```

### Defining table data
Each test must define a `table_data` dict, with keys `e` (event level data, with multiple rows per patient) and/or `p` (patient level data, with one row per patient)

> This sets up the test data.  The first column is always patient ID.  Column names indicate the type of the column in the test database.

Reviewer: question: Is there a constraint on the patient ID column type? Does it always have to be an integer? If so, worth mentioning.

E.g. The following table data dict sets up an event table with an integer column `i1` and a

> boolean column `b1`, with 2 rows for each of 2 patients, and a patient table with a date column

Reviewer: question: Can you explain what's being counted here, and how, for the reader? It's a little ambiguous to me as written.

To my naive eyes, `b1` in table `e` looks like it has:

* three rows for patient ID `1`
* one non-null row and one null row for patient ID `2`, so two rows total

I can't quite see how `b1` has:

> 2 rows for each of 2 patients

so either it might benefit from explanation, or I'm misreading something here

Author: I think I added an additional row for patient 1 and forgot to update the description
